README.md, before:

# StarPlugins

Various plugins for Illusion's Koikatsu / Koikatsu Sunshine games.
Configuration Manager is recommended to make changing the settings from these plugins easier.

## How to install
1. Install the latest build of [BepInEx](https://github.com/BepInEx/BepInEx/releases)
2. Download the latest release for your game from [the releases page](../../releases)
3. Plugin dlls go to `BepInEx/plugins` (or a subfolder thereof)
4. Patchers (currently only Shadow Patcher) go to `BepInEx/patchers`

## Plugins

### Attach All Accessories Anywhere, Anytime, At Any Angle And Artistic Arrangement, Allegedly [KK/KKS]
This lets you parent accessories to any bone, chosen through ABMX. Especially useful in cases
where you want to attach a tie to a tail, for example.

#### Axis Unlocker [KK/KKS]
Makes the manipulation axis speed and size sliders' minimum and maximum values configurable.
Optionally converts the sliders to logarithmic base.

#### Better Scaling [KK/KKS]
Allows scaling of folders, and logarithmic scaling of all objects using the guide objects.
Also allows items to scale their children relatively, settable with a UI toggle in the workspace.
Includes Timeline compatibility.

#### Expression Control [KK/KKS]
This is an old plugin which I decompiled and modified to also be able to be used on males.

#### Light Settings [KK/KKS]
Allows changing more properties of lights than available by default.
Also allows the usage of light cookies, editing of map lights, and toggling of the chara light.

#### Light Toggler [KK/KKS]
Automatically toggles on/off lights when a parent folder or object is toggled on/off.
Also works for items that have built-in lights.
The changes persist through saves/loads without adding extended data to the scene.

#### Mass Shader Editor [KK/KKS]
A plugin that lets you edit the properties of multiple shaders at once, based on item selection.
For both Maker and Studio. Also lets you swap shaders for others.
Contains a built-in tutorial and help section due to its many options.

#### Performancer [KK/KKS]
Optimises some aspects of Charastudio to make it more efficient in scenes that use lots of
character or lots of objects.

#### Shader Fixer [KK/KKS]
By default it fixes the KKUSS / KKUTS shaders by making sure they always have at least a flat normal map.
The shader and property name filters are configurable, thus it can be extended to work on other shaders.

#### Shadow Patcher [KK]
Increases the maximum shadow resolution for KK lights by modifying the Unity bytecode at startup.
Beware: Increased shadow resolution heavily impacts GPU VRAM usage.

Commit message:

Acc mover v1.0.0 (#33)
* Init plugin from Pluginbuilder

* Init plugin structure with HookPatch

* Implement static copy (test)

* Add A12 compatibility

* Implement selection logic

* Add UI buttons

* Fix reported problems

- Single void copy wasn't loading plugin data
- Order of copies was wrong
- Plugin too slow
- A12 support was breaking in cases where there was an accessory already parented to a bone where a transplanted accessory parented would be placed that was also parented to said bone

* Add ObjImport Support

* Remove vestigial AssImp support

It works without intervention, so there's no need to meddle

* Fix ObjImport not reloading data upon copy/move/compact

* Increment version to 1.0.0

* Implement DBDE compatibility

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

# StarPlugins

Various plugins for Illusion's Koikatsu / Koikatsu Sunshine games.
Configuration Manager is recommended to make changing the settings from these plugins easier.

## How to install
1. Install the latest build of [BepInEx](https://github.com/BepInEx/BepInEx/releases)
2. Download the latest release for your game from [the releases page](../../releases)
3. Plugin dlls go to `BepInEx/plugins` (or a subfolder thereof)
4. Patchers (currently only Shadow Patcher) go to `BepInEx/patchers`

## Plugins

### Attach All Accessories Anywhere, Anytime, At Any Angle And Artistic Arrangement, Allegedly [KK/KKS]
This lets you parent accessories to any bone, chosen through ABMX. Especially useful in cases
where you want to attach a tie to a tail, for example.

#### Acc Mover [KK/KKS]
This plugin revamps the "Transfer" tab of the accessories panel, letting you copy, move, or
compact accessories. Useful for dealing with heavy cards.

#### Axis Unlocker [KK/KKS]
Makes the manipulation axis speed and size sliders' minimum and maximum values configurable.
Optionally converts the sliders to logarithmic base.

#### Better Scaling [KK/KKS]
Allows scaling of folders, and logarithmic scaling of all objects using the guide objects.
Also allows items to scale their children relatively, settable with a UI toggle in the workspace.
Includes Timeline compatibility.

#### Expression Control [KK/KKS]
This is an old plugin which I decompiled and modified to also be able to be used on males.

#### Light Settings [KK/KKS]
Allows changing more properties of lights than available by default.
Also allows the usage of light cookies, editing of map lights, and toggling of the chara light.

#### Light Toggler [KK/KKS]
Automatically toggles on/off lights when a parent folder or object is toggled on/off.
Also works for items that have built-in lights.
The changes persist through saves/loads without adding extended data to the scene.

#### Mass Shader Editor [KK/KKS]
A plugin that lets you edit the properties of multiple shaders at once, based on item selection.
For both Maker and Studio. Also lets you swap shaders for others.
Contains a built-in tutorial and help section due to its many options.

#### Performancer [KK/KKS]
Optimises some aspects of Charastudio to make it more efficient in scenes that use lots of
character or lots of objects.

#### Shader Fixer [KK/KKS]
By default it fixes the KKUSS / KKUTS shaders by making sure they always have at least a flat normal map.
The shader and property name filters are configurable, thus it can be extended to work on other shaders.

#### Shadow Patcher [KK]
Increases the maximum shadow resolution for KK lights by modifying the Unity bytecode at startup.
Beware: Increased shadow resolution heavily impacts GPU VRAM usage.
